Hyaluron-Filler Day SPF 15 for Dry Skin

Key Benefits
Next generation Hyaluron Filler: Anti-aging day cream with Hyaluronic Acid, Saponin and Enoxolone
For dry skin
SPF 15 + UVA Protection
Non-comedogenic

Key Ingredients
Glycine Saponin, Hyaluronic Acid, Aqua

Counteracts the aging process and addresses the first signs of aging in dry skin. For visibly smoother, radiant, and younger looking skin.
It noticeably plumps up fine lines and even deep wrinkles for a rejuvenated look. It effectively prevents from UV-induced photoaging (premature skin aging caused by the sun), the deepening of wrinkles, and protects the skin from free radicals. Our unique blend of high and low molecular Hyaluronic Acid, Glycine Saponin and Enoxolone delivers a targeted approach to visibly plumping even deep wrinkles. High molecular Hyaluronic Acid improves hydration and smooths the outermost layers of skin while low molecular Hyaluronic Acid, which is 40 times smaller, penetrates further into the epidermal skin layers where deeper wrinkles originate. The anti-oxidant, Glycine Saponin, supports Hyaluronic Acid production in the dermal layer where the deepest wrinkles are formed and protects from free radicals. Enoxolone protects the skin’s own Hyaluron from degradation.

Glycine Saponin, also known as Glycine Soja Germ Extract, is an active ingredient extracted from the soya bean. It is one of the most effective stimulators of Hyaluronic Acid in cells in the dermal layer of skin and has been proven to increase Hyaluronic Acid production by up to 256% on cell level.

Hyaluronic Acid is formed by skin cells and is part of the connective tissue of the skin. One of its key functions is to retain moisture, and it has the ability to bind in between 1,000 and 10,000 times its own weight in water (i.e. one gram binds between one and ten liters). As we age, the skin's natural ability to produce Hyaluronic Acid depletes and wrinkles start to form and deepen.

If a loss of volume is your primary concern (as is often the case for women between approximately 40 and 50), then the Eucerin Volume-Filler range has been specially formulated to plump up deep wrinkles and redefine facial contours. If skin elasticity and deepening wrinkles are your primary concern (as is often the case for women 50+) then we recommend the Eucerin Hyaluron-Filler + Elasticity range.
As a general rule, the first signs of aging such as fine lines and wrinkles start to appear in our 30s and that is when we recommend you start using the Eucerin Hyaluron-Filler range.

"Eucerin Hyaluron-Filler Day SPF 15 for normal to combination skin" effectively hydrates skin and is non-comedogenic.
